Next, I'm
going to separate the neck from the rack.
So this is our most expensive cut.
Again, the most sought
after the one that you've seen
on every plate in most restaurants.
To do that, I'm going to flip it over.
And we're going to count ribs together,
so I'm going to do
the ones on this side first,
and I'm going to count three ribs.
So one, two, three
in between the third and the fourth is
where I want to make my incision.
And for me,
I want to make my incision closest
to the neck side
to make my rack as big as it can be.
You probably see my knife through there
and straight up to the top.
OK. Same on this side now counting
one, two, three bones in between here.
Nice and long up.
Great.
Now what I'm going to do
is I'm going to flip it over.
I'm going to finish those cuts up
and through.
So just before I go, I'm checking
they should be lining up
relatively the same, my fingers
can touch in the middle here now.
So I know I'm on track,
so I'm going to take this cut,
going to bring it up.
Across the top
same thing on this side up across the top
with this one,
I'm going to cut right down to the bone
on the neck here.
Beautiful.
Next, I'm going to switch
to my cleaver,
and I'm going to separate it
here now when I'm using my cleaver.
It's not about how hard you can hit it,
it's about doing it accurately.
And I'm just going to finish those cuts
at the bottom.
I'm left with these two
that I'll leave on the carcass for now
and I'll separate
them when I get to the rack.